ROX13642 Creating Collector Troubleshooting guide (#54763)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/failing-to-load-the-kernel-driver.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * troubleshooting/commonly-occurring-error-conditions.adoc
:_module-type: CONCEPT
[id="failing-to-load-the-kernel-driver_{context}"]
= Failing to load the kernel driver

> In rare cases, you might encounter a problem with loading the kernel driver. This is the final step before the collector is fully up and running, and failures can result in a variety of error messages or exceptions. The logs will indicate the failure of this step as shown in the following example:

Author: ack

[INFO    2022/10/13 14:25:13] GENERAL PURPOSE LICENSE Version 2 outlined in the /kernel-modules/LICENSE file.
[INFO    2022/10/13 14:25:13] Source code for the kernel module and ebpf subcomponents is available upon
[INFO    2022/10/13 14:25:13] request by contacting support@stackrox.com.
[INFO    2022/10/13 14:25:13]
[...]
[INFO    2022/10/13 14:25:13] Inserting kernel module /module/collector.ko with indefinite removal and retry if required.
[ERROR   2022/10/13 14:25:13] Error inserting kernel module: /module/collector.ko: Operation not permitted. Aborting...
[ERROR   2022/10/13 14:25:13] Failed to insert kernel module
[ERROR   2022/10/13 14:25:13] Failed to setup Kernel module
[INFO    2022/10/13 14:25:13]
[INFO    2022/10/13 14:25:13] == Collector Startup Diagnostics: ==
[INFO    2022/10/13 14:25:13]  Connected to Sensor?       true
[INFO    2022/10/13 14:25:13]  Kernel driver available?   true
[INFO    2022/10/13 14:25:13]  Driver loaded into kernel? false
[INFO    2022/10/13 14:25:13] ====================================
[INFO    2022/10/13 14:25:13]
[FATAL   2022/10/13 14:25:13] Failed to initialize collector kernel components.
----

> If you encounter this kind of error, it is unlikely that you can fix it easily. Report it to {product-title} ({product-title-short}) support or raise a link:https://github.com/stackrox/collector/issues[GitHub issue].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter this kind of error, it is unlikely that you can fix it yourself. So instead, report it to {product-title} ({product-title-short}) support team or create a link:https://github.com/stackrox/collector/issues[GitHub issue].
```

Author: ack
